---
layout: default
title: Call for Presentations
permalink: /call/
redirect_from:
  - /call.html
---

According to Wikipedia: "An unconference is a facilitated, participant-driven
conference centred on a theme or purpose." For the 2014 Ottawa Accessibility
Unconference, we are combining both preÂ­planned presentations with participant
selected presentations.

We will start the day with [an open panel discussion](/panel/) We are aiming to
invite experts with experience from various government levels (federal, Ontario
and Quebec) to share their experience on creating and implementing web
accessibility standards.

The organizers are also inviting [speakers in advance](/presentations/). On the
day, participants will vote to choose the other presentations. In total, each
person at the event will attend 4 presentations of their choice and the morning panel.

We are soliciting proposals for the unconference portion of the event. Proposals
must be submitted by midnight, Wednesday December 3. You will need to be
available to speak during any time slot between 10 and 5 pm.

## Possible topics

Tell us about working with other individuals, departments, institutions or
sectors to achieve objectives such as:

 - developing accessible policies, practices, tools and resources
 - launching global or community accessibility initiatives
 - addressing accessibility in the workplace
 - and tell us the results of your collaboration

NB: Lecture style presentations would be best. We will provide projectors but
tables for small group work are only available in some of the rooms.

Typically, presentations which provide attendees with a framework to **move from
ideas to action** are more popular.

Remember: **you won't be confirmed as a speaker until 10 am on Saturday**.

Please bring your presentation on a USB, place it publicly on the web for
access or bring it on a laptop. (The site does have WIFI but a backup version on
your laptop is always wise.)

Still have questions?: Email us for clarifications
[a11yottawa@gmail.com](mailto:a11yottawa@gmail.com)

## Submit your topic

Send us an email at [a11yottawa@gmail.com](mailto:a11yottawa@gmail.com) with the
following details:

 - **Presentation Title** - Maximum 12 words
 - **Who is the Audience** - Beginners, general accessibility folks or experts
 in the topic
 - **About Your Presentation** - About Your Presentation Your description will
 be posted on our website. Delegates will read this description to decide if
 this session is of interest to them. Be clear, concise and accurately describe
 what delegates can expect from your presentation, all in 70 words or less. Make
 sure to indicate the purpose/objective of the presentation, include information
 on what attendees will do in the session (e.g. participate in interactive
 activities or discussion) and what they will come away with (e.g. information,
 tools, resources etc.).
 - **Speaker Biography** - Tell us who you are in 100 words or less. You may
 want to include your twitter handle or website address.

Remember: you won't be confirmed as a speaker until 10 am on Saturday.
Participants will be voting on the proposals during onsite registration (8:15 to
9:00 am).
